README.md, before:

# 🎓 CS50-Series-Program

This repository contains **problem sets and projects** from various **CS50 courses**, covering **programming, artificial intelligence, databases**, and more.

⚠️ **This repository does NOT include final projects.** It is meant for educational purposes only and respects CS50's **academic integrity** policy.

---

## 📌 Included CS50 Courses

Each course can be cloned individually to ensure **file integrity** and maintain an organized workspace.

### 💻 CS50X – Introduction to Computer Science
A deep dive into **C, Python, SQL, and web programming**, covering **algorithms, data structures**, and software development principles.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50X.git
```
🐍 CS50P – Introduction to Programming with Python

A beginner-friendly introduction to programming with Python, focusing on problem-solving, loops, functions, and testing.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50P.git
```

### 🧠 CS50AI – Introduction to Artificial Intelligence with Python

Explores fundamental AI concepts like search algorithms, machine learning, neural networks, and optimization.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50AI.git
```

Commit message:

Added CS50SQL and CS50R clone links

README.md, after:

# 🎓 CS50-Series-Program

This repository contains **problem sets and projects** from various **CS50 courses**, covering **programming, artificial intelligence, databases**, and more.

⚠️ **This repository does NOT include final projects.** It is meant for educational purposes only and respects CS50's **academic integrity** policy.

---

## 📌 Included CS50 Courses

Each course can be cloned individually to ensure **file integrity** and maintain an organized workspace.

### 💻 CS50X – Introduction to Computer Science
A deep dive into **C, Python, SQL, and web programming**, covering **algorithms, data structures**, and software development principles.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50X.git
```

🐍 CS50P – Introduction to Programming with Python

A beginner-friendly introduction to programming with Python, focusing on problem-solving, loops, functions, and testing.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50P.git
```

🧠 CS50AI – Introduction to Artificial Intelligence with Python

Explores fundamental AI concepts like search algorithms, machine learning, neural networks, and optimization.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50AI.git
```

🗄️ CS50SQL – Introduction to Databases with SQL

Covers relational databases, SQL queries, database design, and performance optimization.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50SQL.git
```

📊 CS50R – Introduction to Programming with R

Focuses on data science, statistical analysis, and visualization using R.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/e-zafitiana/CS50R.git
```
